Roopa Kabber
Software Engineer
Phone : 8310063708
LinkedIn : linkedin.com/in/vidya-c-634a45175

E-mail : vidyack99@gmail.com
Github : github.com/VidyaCKabber

SUMMERY
Result-driven software engineer with over 4 years hands - on experience in design,
development, automation, and quality assurance for different projects and clients.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
Programming Languages
Database
Development Tools
Testing Tools
Project Management Tool
Test Management Tool
Utilities
Platforms

-

Python, Java, Rubi and C
MySql, Sqlite
PyCharm, Visual Studio Code and Eclipse
PyTest, pCloudy, BrowserStack
Jira
TestLink
Git
Linux (Ubuntu) 

WORK EXPERIENCE

Full time Internship at Merahkee Technology Solutions (July, 2017 - Present)
⚫ Contributing to Mammoth Analytics in backend development using Python
and API Automation Scripts for Web App, MySql, PostgreSql, Salesforce,
Google Drive and many more
⚫ Worked On development of React-Native apps for Real-time GPS tracking,
images storage on AWS S3 and Sapling Request management for an NGO.
⚫ Led a team in developing high-quality software solutions web applications that
allow users to monitor their web applications performance across multiple
locations and hundreds of systems on the AWS cloud.
⚫ Automated TestLink test case Status update process using Selenium, TestNG
that has reduced manual work by 70%.
SUSANDHI FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM

Deshpande Education Trust & EkLakshya Innovation Labs (Aug, 2016 - July, 2017)
⚫ LEAD Leadership training by conducting many social responsibility services
like blood donation camp and taking classes for mentally disabled students.
⚫ Presentation and Communication skill training.

PROJECTS
⚫ Oauth-token-of-third-party-clients : Update Third-party plugins - Salesforce,
Hubspot, google analytics and Xero’s access tokens using refresh tokens
through cron software periodically.
⚫

⚫

Food Wastage Reduction Through Donation : Mobile app developed using
React-Native and Google Fire Store.
Toddler : To-Do List Mobile app which is developed using react-native hooks
and sqlite local storage

EDUCATION
⚫

⚫

⚫

B.Sc Specialization In Industrial Track | B.V.B College of Engineering &
Technology, Hubli - Graduated in August, 2021 | CGPA - 9.47
Pre-University Course from Govt. PU College Banavasi - Graduated in March,
2016 | 88.8%
SSLC | Jayanti High School, Banavasi - Graduated in April, 2014 | 93.12%

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
⚫

⚫

In 2012, the Department Of Science And Technology, Government Of INDIA
awarded me an Inspire Award for my research project Agriculture Is All
Seasonal Occupation.
DigitalOcean's Hacktoberfest - 2020 Open Source contribution and won an
awesome T-shirt.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my
knowledge.
[Vidya Kabber]


